I observed the following differences between the two codes.

1.  Mr. Padjen's code is short and consolidated, whereas mine is repetitive.  He calls on multiple methods from other files which significantly shortens the code and makes it easier to understand.  I waste space repeating code that is written in other files.  My code is in two classes/files, but Mr. Padjen's is in three.  I use a long string of code to separate the planets that is cumbersome to read.  Mr. Padjen accomplishes the same goal in a few short lines of code and includes some of it in other classes.  

2. There are a few differences between Mr. Padjen's code and my own.  Mr. Padjen defined the variables G and DT before the initialize method.  I defined G but not DT, which would have been helpful since I used that variable multiple times later on.  In Mr. Padjen's initialize method, he splits the lines whereas I do that in the nbody class.  I think his method is better because it is more consolidated and eliminates code from the nbody.  He also updated the position, velocity, acceleration, and forces in the body class instead of nbody.  Again, this shortens the code.  I separate the x and y variables into separate methods to calculate acceleration and velocity.  Mr. Padjen combines the two into a single method to calculate acceleration, velocity, or position.  This is easier on the eyes and improves the organization of the code.  My draw method is a single long line which is difficult to follow.  Mr. Padjen uses a few lines of code, and I'm not sure exactly how it works (I can't believe I admitted this on the final), but it looks less confusing.  One of my goals for next semester is to use a wider range of methods and code so that I have multiple avenues to pursue when I am stuck or using a single long line of code.

3.  The primary advantage to a separate universe class, in my opinion, is that it separates the code into achieving separate functions.  This is easier to follow.  For example, the universe class primarily sets up the image of the universe.  Mr. Padjen then calls on the universe class in his nbody which shortens the amount of code needed for that class.  Thus, the nbody functions more as a class to bring everything from the universe and body classes together so the simulation operates.  This is advantageous because it is easier to understand how the code works.  A disadvantage is how interconnected the code is.  It takes more time and planning to add a universe class and consolidate the code, whereas writing it out over and over again wherever you need it is a quick and easy solution.  However, the quick and easy solution is difficult to follow/understand.

4.  I like how Mr. Padjen calls on other classes.  This prevents repitition and makes the code significantly easier to follow.  Therefore, I prefer his method although I would need more experience to be able to think of writing code like his.  I also like how his code does not contain long lines like mine.  They are annoying because you have to scroll ALL THE WAY OVER and if you mess up one parenthesis and the color is off it messes everything up and is difficult to figure out.

5.  My coding strengths are finding a way to write it (I don't know if that is necessarily a strength though).  I am good at reading code and understanding how it works, but the quality of my code is not the best.  I need to learn more in order to shorten and organize it.  It is like learning a new language in that I can read and understand quite a bit, but actually speaking/writing in it is the most difficult part.  My goal is to focus on writing quality code next semester.
